Microscopes show us how big we are and telescopes show us how small we are.
Despite practicing every single day, falling asleep at night does not get easier.
Biting your tounge while eating is a perfect example of how you can still screw up even with decades of experience.
There is no physical evidence that today is wednesday, we all just have to trust that someone has kept count since the first one ever.
Most people are made on beds, born on beds, die on beds.
When you are a kid, you don't realize it but you are also watching your mom and dad grow up.
There is no egg in eggplant, no ham in hamburger, there's no pine or apple in pineapple.
English muffins were not invented in England, Frenchfries were not invented in France.
Quicksand takes you down slowly.
Boxing 'rings' are 'squares'.
A Guiniapig is neither from Guinia or a pig.
If writers "write", how come fingers don't "fing"?
If the teachers "Thought", why didn't the preacher "Praught"?
If the plural of tooth is "teeth", why isn't the plural of phone booth "phone beeth"?
If a vegetarian eats vegatables, what the hell does a humanitarian eat?
Why do we recite at a play but play at a recite?
We park on driveways and drive on parkways.
A house is burning up as it burns down.
You fill out a form by filling it in.
You don't know how many cookies are too much until you have eaten too much.
Earth is like a guy who knows exactly where to stand next to a bonfire.
You know every phone number you juct don't know who it belongs to.
Most boats travel faster on the trailer than they ever will in water.
No matter how used it is, a razor will always be razorsharp.
Wikipedia and Linux are the very few examples of everybody working together and it actually works.
If you kill a murderer, number of murderers hasn't decreased.
Society has decided that 18 is the age when you turn into a adult with no proof what so ever.
We use our dreams everyday but they never appear in our dreams.
If you choke on water, you have failed on both breahting and drinking, which are the two most important activities in life.
I have woken up thousands of times and I'm still not used to it.
People who step up two stairs at a time are both active and lazy.
We are very lucky that blinking doesn't make any noice.
If I touch my phone in the right places, a pizza will show up at my door.
If you are swimming under water, you are also technically swimming above water.
If you rip a hole in a net, there are actually fewer holes in the net.
Life is just a halucination caused by breathing oxygen, because if you stop breathing oxygen, everything goes away.
If everyone blinked at once, then that would be a moment in history that no one has witnessed.
Archery is just long distance stabbing.
Phobias are basically mind alergies.
You can be overwhelmed or underwhelmed but never just whelmed.
Gravity is creepy when you realise you are not walking around an a surface you are getting pulled into a burning core of magma.
Corrupt cops are just undercover criminals.
Being a Surgeon is like being a mechanic, except you have to fix the car while the engine is running.
At one point in our lives, we all kicked a pregnant lady.
Why is it when we are awake and we exercise we get tired but when we are tired and we excercise it wake us up.
One thing we learned from the lockdown is how a Dog feels on a daily basis.
Rappers are poets with a different approach.
If you met the exact copy of yourself, you'd be either super annoyed or best friends.
You never realise how bumpy a car ride is until you try to write on a piece of paper.
The oldest picture of you is actually the youngest picture of you and the youngest picture of you is the oldest picture of you.
A love story will not end with a marriage, it ends with a funeral.
Your age is just number of laps you have done around a gaint fireball.
Language is just agreed upon gibberish.
The water you drink is older than you.
You're legally allowed to throw someones ashes in the ocean but not their corpse.
There were probably people that lived thier entile lives not knowing what ice is.
One day you will think about someone for the last time ever.
Your eyes and lungs have manual and automatic settings.
The pool in the titanic still has water in it.
Dogs are taller when they sit than when they stand.
Ice sweats itself to death.
Surgeons perform accurate stabbing until he patient feels better.
Wolverine could have saved way more lives as an organ donor.
If you think about it, your whole car is windsheild.
Heavy rain must be a natural disaster for insects.
Chefs make food for other people families so that they can buy food for thier families.
36$ an hour sounds way better than 1 cent a second.
Onions basically for you to mourn their death.
If an object is large enough, it becomes a location.
Your insides are wet, squishy and sitting in darkness.
You can't learn to unread.
We don't know what the most successful lie in the history was because it is still being believed.
Speed doesn't get you killed. Suddenly becoming stationary, that's what gets you.
My wife is my strenght, other women are my weakness.
Which is fast hot or cold? Fast, because you can catch cold.
All these years of reading chemistry and you still can't form a bond with anyone.
I wanna be 14 again and ruin my life differently, I have new ideas.
Why can't Dinosours tell jokes? Cuz they are all dead.
There's only one joke I know, that is me.
